Add softap sample (#13859)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/softap/README.rst

.. _wifi_softap_sample:

Wi-Fi: SoftAP
#############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The SoftAP sample demonstrates how to start a nRF70 Series device in Software-enabled Access Point (SoftAP or SAP) mode.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview

> ********

Reviewer: New line needed here

```suggestion
********

```

The sample enables a SoftAP mode and allows the devices to connect to it.

> The sample starts a Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) server for automatic IP address assignment to the connected devices.
> The sample lists the connected devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It starts a Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) server to assign the automatic IP address to the connected devices.
Then, the sample lists the connected devices.
```

You can enable the SoftAP mode by setting the below configuration options in the sample project configuration file:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_AP_MODE`: Enables Access point mode support.

Reviewer 2: Is Access point a mode?
```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_AP_MODE`: Enables access point mode support.
```

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WPA_SUPP_AP`: Enables Access point support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WPA_SUPP_AP`: Enables access point support.
```

.. note::

   The SoftAP mode operation is dictated by regulatory requirements.

You can set the regulatory domain using the below configuration option:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOFTAP_SAMPLE_REG_DOMAIN`: Sets the ISO/IEC alpha2 country code.

> For more information, see :ref:`nRF70_soft_ap_mode`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the :ref:`nRF70_soft_ap_mode` documentation.
```

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

> The following sample-specific Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/softap/Kconfig`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/softap/Kconfig`):
```

.. options-from-kconfig::

IP addressing
*************

> The sample starts DHCP server on SoftAP interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample starts the DHCP server on the SoftAP interface.
```

      [00:00:01.258,026] <inf> softap: Band: 2.4GHz
      [00:00:01.258,056] <inf> softap: Channel: 6
      [00:00:01.258,056] <inf> softap: Security: OPEN
      [00:00:01.258,087] <inf> softap: MFP: Disable
      [00:00:01.258,087] <inf> softap: Beacon Interval: 100
      [00:00:01.258,087] <inf> softap: DTIM: 2
      [00:00:01.258,117] <inf> softap: TWT: Not supported
      [00:00:01.341,674] <inf> net_config: IPv6 address: fe80::f6ce:36ff:fe00:10d4
      [00:00:15.270,446] <inf> wpa_supp: HT: Forty MHz Intolerant is set by STA aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff in Association Request
      [00:00:15.286,376] <inf> wpa_supp: wlan0: AP-STA-CONNECTED aa:bb:cc:dd:ee:ff
      [00:00:15.286,529] <inf> softap: Station connected: AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF
      [00:00:15.286,529] <inf> softap: AP stations:
      [00:00:15.286,529] <inf> softap: ============
      [00:00:15.286,560] <inf> softap: Station 1:
      [00:00:15.286,560] <inf> softap: ==========
      [00:00:15.286,590] <inf> softap: MAC: AA:BB:CC:DD:EE:FF
      [00:00:15.286,590] <inf> softap: Link mode: WIFI 4 (802.11n/HT)
      [00:00:15.286,621] <inf> softap: TWT: Not supported

Dependencies
************

> This sample uses the following library:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses the following |NCS| library:
```

It starts a Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) server to assign the automatic IP address to the connected devices.
Then, the sample lists the connected devices.

You can enable the SoftAP mode by setting the below configuration options in the sample project configuration file:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF700X_AP_MODE`: Enables access point mode support.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WPA_SUPP_AP`: Enables access point support.

.. note::

   The SoftAP mode operation is dictated by regulatory requirements.

You can set the regulatory domain using the below configuration option:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOFTAP_SAMPLE_REG_DOMAIN`: Sets the ISO/IEC alpha2 country code.

For more information, see the :ref:`nRF70_soft_ap_mode` documentation.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

The following Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/softap/Kconfig`):

.. options-from-kconfig::

IP addressing
*************

The sample starts the DHCP server on the SoftAP interface.
The station devices should use DHCP to get an IP address from the virtual router.

> To specify the DHCP pool start address, you can edit the following configuration option in the :file:`prj.conf` file:

Reviewer: This does not need to be in a code-block? Since it is only 1 option.
```suggestion
To specify the DHCP pool start address, you can edit `` CONFIG_SOFTAP_SAMPLE_DHCPV4_POOL_START="192.168.1.2"`` option in the :file:`prj.conf` file:
```

.. _wifi_softap_sample:

> Wi-Fi: Raw TX packet

Reviewer 3: Wrong copy-paste

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

The following sample-specific Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/softap/Kconfig`):

.. options-from-kconfig::

IP addressing
*************

The sample starts DHCP server on SoftAP interface.
The station devices should use DHCP to get an IP address from the virtual router.

To specify the DHCP pool start address, you can edit the following configuration option in the :file:`prj.conf` file:

.. code-block:: console

  CONFIG_SOFTAP_SAMPLE_DHCPV4_POOL_START="192.168.1.2"

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/wifi/softap`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

To build for the nRF7002 DK, use the ``nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` build target.
The following is an example of the CLI command:

.. code-block:: console

   west build -b nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpuapp

To build for the nRF7002 EK with nRF5340 DK, use the ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` build target with the ``SHIELD`` CMake option set to ``nrf7002ek``.
The following is an example of the CLI command:

.. code-block:: console

>    west build -b nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp -- -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek

Reviewer 3: We should stop putting build commands, this is covered ni `Requirements` section. If necessary we can add a generic para on how to use that table.
